Fix sorting activities when they are grouped in either part grouping or livestreaming (#5635)
microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat: docs/SORTING.md

> ## How activities are being grouped?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How are activities grouped?
```

Before sorting, activities are grouped as a unit:

> - Activities within same part grouping will be inserted next to each other

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Activities within the same part grouping are inserted next to each other
```

   - Order is based on the `position` property
   - Logical timestamp of the part grouping is the "maximum logical timestamp" of all parts

>    - Parts can contains livestream session or ungrouped activities

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Parts can contain livestream session or ungrouped activities
```

- Activities within same livestream session will be inserted next to each other
   - Order is based on the `streamSequence` property
   - Logical timestamp of the livestream session is the logical timestamp of the finalizing activity (if any), or the logical timestamp of the first activity
      - In other words, livestream will be reordered when they are inserted for the first time, or when they are finalized
      - Interim updates will not reorder the livestream to avoid too much flickering

> - All other activities are not grouped, they are unit of themselves

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- All other activities are not grouped, they are individual units
```

## How activities are being sorted?

> Short answer: activities are sorted by logical timestamp on insertion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Short answer: activities are sorted by logical timestamp when inserted.
```

Long answer:

> - For grouped activities (such as part grouping or livestream sessions), all activities within the group are treated as a unit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For grouped activities (such as part groupings or livestream sessions), all activities within the group are treated as a unit
```
or
```suggestion
- For grouped activities (such as part grouping or livestream session), all activities within the group are treated as a unit
```

> - For ungrouped activities, each activity is a unit of itself

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For ungrouped activities, each activity is a unit on its own
```

> Units are sorted using logical timestamp on insertion. If the unit is already in the chat history, they will be removed before re-inserting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Units are sorted using their logical timestamp on insertion. If the unit is already in the chat history, they will be removed before being re-inserted.
```

```
logicalTimestamp = activity.channelData['webchat:sequence-id'] ?? +new Date(activity.timestamp) || +new Date(activity.localTimestamp);
```

1. `activity.channelData['webchat:sequence-id']: number`
   -  This field represents the order of the activity in the chat history and can be a sparse number;
   -  This field is OPTIONAL, but RECOMMENDED;
   -  This field MUST be an integer number;
   -  This field MUST be an unique number assigned by the chat service;
   -  This field SHOULD be consistent across all members of the conversation.
1. Otherwise, `activity.timestamp: string`
   -  This field represents the server timestamp of the activity;
   -  This field is REQUIRED;
   -  This field MUST be an ISO date time string, for example, `2000-01-23T12:34:56.000Z`;
   -  This field MUST be assigned by the chat service, a.k.a. server timestamp;
   -  This field SHOULD have resolution up to 1 millisecond;
   -  This field MUST be the same across all members of the conversation.
1. Otherwise, `activity.localTimestamp: string`
   -  This field represents the local timestamp of an outgoing activity;
   -  This field is REQUIRED for all outgoing activities;

>    -  This field MUST be an ISO date time string, for example, `2000-01-23T12:34:56.000Z`;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   -  This field MUST be an ISO date-time string, for example, `2000-01-23T12:34:56.000Z`;
```
